with his piano brings back memories I
used to service a school district in
Fairfax County that had about 25 of
these and I always thought they were
really nice and hella tune well and they
made me look good when I was a
technician in her school district this
is a walnut Baldwin studio upright this
is a really cool way that they designed
it strictly for the technician in mind
that says nothing to do this is not
aesthetically pleasing for any anybody
who would own it but it makes it feel
free and easy access for the technician
to work on it so this is how the piano
looks what else is closed up prop is
down what I like about this Baldwin and
what teachers love about it is a it has
dual wheels on all four points the
rubber and soft so they won't scratch
her floor and you can roll it around
literally from one room to the next you
see him in a lot of ballet studios I
actually sold one to warner theater
downtown in washington and they had a
nerve pit orchestra they might still
have it but i remember they would mike
the back of the piano of the soundboard
and it would sound like a cosmic ran in
their small little orchestra pit the
subpoena really rocks it has a great
tone huge area for your music you can
put a whole score of music up on here I
mean the music rack start from literally
from well anyone into the PMG other it's
got a really nice finish we'll throw in
a matching new pinch
the tone is six it's bright and I rated
the touch of four it's light it's not
heavy
you
terrific in a perfect for your new
student without spending a fortune so
it's a great brand name vault one made
excellent solid pianist I remember when
I was tuning this just now on it stays
in tune really well it has a really
tight tuning pins which is typical and a
ball one so you never need another piano
and you're if you're going to buy a new
one it would be over six thousand
dollars for this family easily so give
us a call or you can order right over
the phone or come in and try it out it's
over here in Row one thanks